[Music]
misters of vernacular quarantine a state
period or place of strict isolation
meant to prevent the spread of disease
in the 14th century the bubonic plague
later called the Black Death spread
across Europe with devastating
consequences it's been estimated that
the plague decimated at least one third
of Europe's population in a vain effort
to stave off infection the Italian
speaking port city of Ragusa in what is
now Croatia mandated that ships arriving
from plague infested areas remain
isolated on the water until it was
deemed likely that they weren't carrying
the disease this meant that the entire
contents of a ship and all of its
passengers were often forced to remain
on board for five or six weeks before
being let ashore though the drastic
measure was only marginally successful
it wasn't long before other port cities
followed suit in 1397 the official
period of isolation imposed on ships and
crews was set at 40 days although it did
little to protect ports from infection
the directive stock from the Italian
word Cuarenta meaning 40 this period of
stasis was given the name quarantine and
by the mid 1600s the word quarantine was
being used to describe any place period
or state of isolation plague related or
not
[Music]
you